README.md, before:

# 👋 Hi! I'm Mahdi  

Welcome to my GitHub profile! I'm a researcher in conytol theory with a passion for developing safe automation systems that can positively impact society.   

## 🎓 Education  

- **M.Sc. in Aerospace Engineering**  
  Sharif University of Technology, 2025
  *Specialization: Dynamics and Control*    

- **B.Sc. in Aerospace Engineering**  
  Amirkabir University of Technology (Tehran Polytechnic), 2022  
 *Specialization: Dynamics and Control*
  
- **B.Sc. in Electrical Engineering**  
  Amirkabir University of Technology (Tehran Polytechnic), 2022  
  *Specialization: Control*  

## 🚀 Research Interests  

I am particularly interested in the following areas:  
- Control Theory
- Data-Driven Modeling and Control
- Safe Control
  

## 🏃‍♂️ Hobbies  

When I'm not immersed in engineering, I enjoy:  

- **Sports**: Bodybuilding and running  
- **Outdoor Activities**: Hiking, camping, and climbing with friends and family  
- **Martial Arts**: Former kickboxer, with a passion for fitness  

## 📫 Get in Touch  

I'm always open to collaboration and discussions related to my research interests. Feel free to reach out!  
- **Website**: [https:/shahrajabian.github.io/](https://shahrajabian.github.io/)
- **Email**: [m.shahrajabian99@gmail.com](mailto:m.shahrajabian99@gmail.com)   

Thank you for visiting my GitHub profile! Let's connect and innovate together! 🌟

Commit message:

Fix formatting and add Machine Learning to interests
Correct formatting and update research interests.

README.md, after:

# 👋 Hi! I'm Mahdi  

Welcome to my GitHub profile! I'm a researcher in conytol theory with a passion for developing safe automation systems that can positively impact society.   

## 🎓 Education  

- **M.Sc. in Aerospace Engineering**
  Sharif University of Technology, 2025
  *Specialization: Dynamics and Control*   

- **B.Sc. in Aerospace Engineering**  
  Amirkabir University of Technology (Tehran Polytechnic), 2022  
 *Specialization: Dynamics and Control*
  
- **B.Sc. in Electrical Engineering**  
  Amirkabir University of Technology (Tehran Polytechnic), 2022  
  *Specialization: Control*  

## 🚀 Research Interests  

I am particularly interested in the following areas:  
- Control Theory
- Machine Learning
- Data-Driven Modeling and Control
- Safety-Critical Systems
  

## 🏃‍♂️ Hobbies  

When I'm not immersed in engineering, I enjoy:  

- **Sports**: Bodybuilding and running  
- **Outdoor Activities**: Hiking, camping, and climbing with friends and family  
- **Martial Arts**: Former kickboxer, with a passion for fitness  

## 📫 Get in Touch  

I'm always open to collaboration and discussions related to my research interests. Feel free to reach out!  
- **Website**: [https:/shahrajabian.github.io/](https://shahrajabian.github.io/)
- **Email**: [m.shahrajabian99@gmail.com](mailto:m.shahrajabian99@gmail.com)   

Thank you for visiting my GitHub profile! Let's connect and innovate together! 🌟
